Client is able to forward notification and invocation data (#32)
EngFlow/example: java/com/engflow/notificationqueue/README.md

Run the client using

```bash
bazel run //java/com/engflow/notificationqueue:client  -- \
      '--notification_queue_endpoint=grpcs://envoy.cluster.engflow.com' '--queue_name=eventstore/lifecycle-events' \
      '--token=ghs_vHu2hAHwhg2EjBXrs4koOxk5PfSKVb2lzAUM'
```

Note: The token provided in the example is not valid. You should count with a 
valid envoy-mobile token to use envoy-cluster. Change your target cluster and
acquire a valid token for executing the client.

### Forwarding data to external server

One useful use case for the **notification** and **event store APIs** is forwarding the
received data to external servers, for instance another _build event store_ or _result store_ sever.
The current client example implements communication
with a demo grpc stub. To do so, the client uses `Request` and `Response`
abstractions provided by a [server proto definition].

To execute a client that forwards information to an external server you add the flag
`--forward`. Let us first execute a demonstration server that will receive the data from 
the client. To execute the server run

```bash
bazel run //java/com/engflow/notificationqueue:server
```

> This wil stat the demo server listening at `localhost:50051`. Now you can start the client with a given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start the demo server listening at `localhost:50051`. Now you can start the client with a given
```
